yo guys what's up is Dave the open
source can secure so one thing I never
talked about enough our mobile
accessories but i always take questions
from you asking on mobile accessories so
here we go so four days video let's take
a look at a portable charger now this
portable charger is pretty awesome
because it doesn't only work with
Android devices but we're going pretty
much any device out there including
iPhones mp3's ipads ipods etc so i first
wouldn't think that awesome people over
Brad power for supplying this unit to
unbox so far further ado let's unbox
this John ski alright so in the box as
you see we actually have the charger
unit right here along with the USB cable
some instruction manual which I actually
take a quick glance at and it's nice
little packet which is actually pretty
neat know that you supply that put in
there I appreciate that you know it's
like little carry-on nice like that a
plus this little nifty device can hold
up to fifty six hundred milliamps which
is actually pretty large so turn it on
just press the power button and what's
nice is this LED indicator indicates the
amount on charge we have so if we're
adopt we have about 50 descending five
percent battery charge so actually like
that because I know some portable
chargers which do not indicate them out
in charge that they have and it kind of
gets like a guessing game like drive it
a battery no I don't know better you Oh
No ah so that's pretty cool and our neat
feature which is kind of random but neat
you can double tap on e power button and
I'll bring up the flashlight uh and yeah
look at this little random but hey it's
there so tossing it out so I'm gonna put
this down here i have my nexus to begin
off I have my micro USB cable so let's
just plug in any out section it actually
has an auto cut off feature if device is
not connected to it within 10 seconds
it'll cut off not like that because it
saves your battery which is like really
a lifesaver there so I'm gonna make sure
this is on just like that there we go we
are on as you see I have my Nexus right
there bottom and I see we are currently
charging so this is pretty
straightforward
they connect the charges on and it's
just nice and convenient like say they
have on a trip and just want to charge
your devices on the go is pretty neat
and like awesome it does work with iOS
devices to so on what I take this iphone
right here let's connect the charger
again then we have even with the
property or two charger from apple now
the key is that these are using us being
our devices so pretty much anything that
can be charged via your pc or USB port
can be charged via this portable charger
what's open up to a lot of devices and
there we go we're charging iphone right
now so this is like i said a really neat
thing to have a road trips or wherever
you go because is like an easy charge so
when you're done playing around with
this we want to do is unplug it to
charge itself and do that you just take
this end right here and plug that into
the end port plug this into a USB we can
also power by a power adapter from a
power to plug it in to the AC socket and
guitars are that way so either way this
is a really cool portable charger and I
think it's awesome so if you want one up
fine like a description to where you can
go over and purchase it and is actually
just a neat device and stay tuned I
might might be doing this in a giveaway
so you know see watch out for that so
thanks guys for watching and as always
stay tuned for an organizing video
thanks
you